<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azure-avm-utl-compute-orchestratedvirtualmachinescaleset-azapi-replicator

This is a replicator module that help you to migrate your `azurerm_orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set` resource into AzAPI provider. Assuming you have AzureRM resource like:

```hcl
resource "azurerm_orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set" "test" {
  name                = "acctestOVMSS-${random_integer.number.result}"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.test.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.test.name
...
}
```

Now you want to use a preview API version and try some preview features by setting these preview arguments, but you cannot do this by using AzureRM provider, since it doesn't accept preview features.

Now you can call this module like:

```hcl
module "vmss_replicator" {
  source = "utl-compute-orchestratedvirtualmachinescaleset-azapi-replicator"

  name                        = "acctestOVMSS-${random_integer.number.result}"
  location                    = azurerm_resource_group.test.location
  resource_group_id           = azurerm_resource_group.test.id
  platform_fault_domain_count = 2

  zones = []

  sku_name  = "Standard_D1_v2"
  instances = 2
...
}

resource "azapi_resource" "this" {
  type                 = module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.type
  name                 = module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.name
  location             = module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.location
  parent_id            = module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.parent_id
  tags                 = module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.tags
  body                 = module.vmss_replicator.body
  ignore_null_property = module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.ignore_null_property

  sensitive_body         = module.vmss_replicator.sensitive_body
  sensitive_body_version = module.vmss_replicator.sensitive_body_version

  replace_triggers_external_values = module.vmss_replicator.replace_triggers_external_values

  locks = module.vmss_replicator.locks

  dynamic "identity" {
    for_each = can(module.vmss_replicator.azapi_header.identity) ? [module.vmss_replicator.identity] : []
    content {
      type         = identity.value.type
      identity_ids = try(identity.value.identity_ids, null)
    }
  }

  retry = module.vmss_replicator.retry

  dynamic "timeouts" {
    for_each = module.vmss_replicator.timeouts != null ? [module.vmss_replicator.timeouts] : []
    content {
      create = timeouts.value.create
      delete = timeouts.value.delete
      read   = timeouts.value.read
      update = timeouts.value.update
    }
  }
}

resource "azapi_update_resource" "update0" {
  type           = module.vmss_replicator.post_creation_updates[0].azapi_header.type
  name           = module.vmss_replicator.post_creation_updates[0].azapi_header.name
  parent_id      = module.vmss_replicator.post_creation_updates[0].azapi_header.parent_id
  body           = module.vmss_replicator.post_creation_updates[0].body
  sensitive_body = try(module.vmss_replicator.post_creation_updates[0].sensitive_body, null)
  depends_on     = [azapi_resource.this]
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = all
  }
}
```

This module utilizes the flexibility of AzAPI at the bottom layer while perfectly replicating the rigorous logic of AzureRM at the top layer, allowing you to enjoy freedom while still having solid security guarantees.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.8)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azapi_resource.existing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/resource) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: (Required) The Azure location where the Virtual Machine Scale Set should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the Virtual Machine Scale Set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_platform_fault_domain_count"></a> [platform\_fault\_domain\_count](#input\_platform\_fault\_domain\_count)

Description: (Required) Specifies the number of fault domains that are used by this Virtual Machine Scale Set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `number`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: (Required) The Resource Group ID where the Virtual Machine Scale Set should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_additional_capabilities"></a> [additional\_capabilities](#input\_additional\_capabilities)

Description: - `ultra_ssd_enabled` - (Optional) Should the capacity to enable Data Disks of the `UltraSSD_LRS` storage account type be supported on this Virtual Machine Scale Set? Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    ultra_ssd_enabled = optional(bool, false)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_automatic_instance_repair"></a> [automatic\_instance\_repair](#input\_automatic\_instance\_repair)

Description: - `action` - (Optional) The repair action that will be used for repairing unhealthy virtual machines in the scale set. Possible values include `Replace`, `Restart`, `Reimage`.
- `enabled` - (Required) Should the automatic instance repair be enabled on this Virtual Machine Scale Set? Possible values are `true` and `false`.
- `grace_period` - (Optional) Amount of time for which automatic repairs will be delayed. The grace period starts right after the VM is found unhealthy. Possible values are between `10` and `90` minutes. The time duration should be specified in `ISO 8601` format (e.g. `PT10M` to `PT90M`).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    action       = optional(string)
    enabled      = bool
    grace_period = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_boot_diagnostics"></a> [boot\_diagnostics](#input\_boot\_diagnostics)

Description: - `storage_account_uri` - (Optional) The Primary/Secondary Endpoint for the Azure Storage Account which should be used to store Boot Diagnostics, including Console Output and Screenshots from the Hypervisor. By including a `boot_diagnostics` block without passing the `storage_account_uri` field will cause the API to utilize a Managed Storage Account to store the Boot Diagnostics output.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    storage_account_uri = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_capacity_reservation_group_id"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_group\_id](#input\_capacity\_reservation\_group\_id)

Description: (Optional) Specifies the ID of the Capacity Reservation Group which the Virtual Machine Scale Set should be allocated to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_data_base64"></a> [data\_base64](#input\_data\_base64)

Description: (Optional) The Base64-Encoded User Data which should be used for this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_data_disk"></a> [data\_disk](#input\_data\_disk)

Description: - `caching` - (Required) The type of Caching which should be used for this Data Disk. Possible values are None, ReadOnly and ReadWrite.
- `create_option` - (Optional) The create option which should be used for this Data Disk. Possible values are Empty and FromImage. Defaults to `Empty`. (FromImage should only be used if the source image includes data disks).
- `disk_encryption_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Disk Encryption Set which should be used to encrypt the Data Disk. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `disk_size_gb` - (Optional) The size of the Data Disk which should be created. Required if `create_option` is specified as `Empty`.
- `lun` - (Optional) The Logical Unit Number of the Data Disk, which must be unique within the Virtual Machine. Required if `create_option` is specified as `Empty`.
- `storage_account_type` - (Required) The Type of Storage Account which should back this Data Disk. Possible values include `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS`, `Premium_LRS`, `PremiumV2_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS` and `UltraSSD_LRS`.
- `ultra_ssd_disk_iops_read_write` - (Optional) Specifies the Read-Write IOPS for this Data Disk. Only settable when `storage_account_type` is `PremiumV2_LRS` or `UltraSSD_LRS`.
- `ultra_ssd_disk_mbps_read_write` - (Optional) Specifies the bandwidth in MB per second for this Data Disk. Only settable when `storage_account_type` is `PremiumV2_LRS` or `UltraSSD_LRS`.
- `write_accelerator_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies if Write Accelerator is enabled on the Data Disk. Defaults to `false`.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    caching                        = string
    create_option                  = optional(string, "Empty")
    disk_encryption_set_id         = optional(string)
    disk_size_gb                   = optional(number)
    lun                            = optional(number, 0)
    storage_account_type           = string
    ultra_ssd_disk_iops_read_write = optional(number)
    ultra_ssd_disk_mbps_read_write = optional(number)
    write_accelerator_enabled      = optional(bool, false)
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_encryption_at_host_enabled"></a> [encryption\_at\_host\_enabled](#input\_encryption\_at\_host\_enabled)

Description: (Optional) Should disks attached to this Virtual Machine Scale Set be encrypted by enabling Encryption at Host?

Type: `bool`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_eviction_policy"></a> [eviction\_policy](#input\_eviction\_policy)

Description: (Optional) The Policy which should be used by Spot Virtual Machines that are Evicted from the Scale Set. Possible values are `Deallocate` and `Delete`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_extension"></a> [extension](#input\_extension)

Description: - `auto_upgrade_minor_version_enabled` - (Optional) Should the latest version of the Extension be used at Deployment Time, if one is available? This won't auto-update the extension on existing installation. Defaults to `true`.
- `extensions_to_provision_after_vm_creation` - (Optional) An ordered list of Extension names which Virtual Machine Scale Set should provision after VM creation.
- `failure_suppression_enabled` - (Optional) Should failures from the extension be suppressed? Possible values are `true` or `false`.
- `force_extension_execution_on_change` - (Optional) A value which, when different to the previous value can be used to force-run the Extension even if the Extension Configuration hasn't changed.
- `name` - (Required) The name for the Virtual Machine Scale Set Extension.
- `protected_settings` - (Optional) A JSON String which specifies Sensitive Settings (such as Passwords) for the Extension.
- `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the Publisher of the Extension.
- `settings` - (Optional) A JSON String which specifies Settings for the Extension.
- `type` - (Required) Specifies the Type of the Extension.
- `type_handler_version` - (Required) Specifies the version of the extension to use, available versions can be found using the Azure CLI.

---
`protected_settings_from_key_vault` block supports the following:
- `secret_url` - (Required) The URL to the Key Vault Secret which stores the protected settings.
- `source_vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the source Key Vault.

Type:

```hcl
set(object({
    auto_upgrade_minor_version_enabled        = optional(bool, true)
    extensions_to_provision_after_vm_creation = optional(list(string))
    failure_suppression_enabled               = optional(bool, false)
    force_extension_execution_on_change       = optional(string)
    name                                      = string
    publisher                                 = string
    settings                                  = optional(string)
    type                                      = string
    type_handler_version                      = string
    protected_settings_from_key_vault = optional(object({
      secret_url      = string
      source_vault_id = string
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_extension_operations_enabled"></a> [extension\_operations\_enabled](#input\_extension\_operations\_enabled)

Description: (Optional) Should extension operations be allowed on the Virtual Machine Scale Set? Possible values are `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new Virtual Machine Scale Set to be created.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_extension_protected_settings"></a> [extension\_protected\_settings](#input\_extension\_protected\_settings)

Description: (Optional) Protected settings for extensions. Each object contains extension name and its protected settings JSON.

Type:

```hcl
set(object({
    name               = string
    protected_settings = string
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_extension_protected_settings_version"></a> [extension\_protected\_settings\_version](#input\_extension\_protected\_settings\_version)

Description: (Optional) Version tracker for extension protected\_settings. Must be set when extension protected\_settings is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_extensions_time_budget"></a> [extensions\_time\_budget](#input\_extensions\_time\_budget)

Description: (Optional) Specifies the time alloted for all extensions to start. The time duration should be between 15 minutes and 120 minutes (inclusive) and should be specified in ISO 8601 format. Defaults to `PT1H30M`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"PT1H30M"`

### <a name="input_identity"></a> [identity](#input\_identity)

Description: - `identity_ids` - (Required) Specifies a list of User Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Windows Virtual Machine Scale Set.
- `type` - (Required) The type of Managed Identity that should be configured on this Windows Virtual Machine Scale Set. Only possible value is `UserAssigned`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    identity_ids = set(string)
    type         = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_instances"></a> [instances](#input\_instances)

Description: (Optional) The number of Virtual Machines in the Virtual Machine Scale Set.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_license_type"></a> [license\_type](#input\_license\_type)

Description: (Optional) Specifies the type of on-premise license (also known as Azure Hybrid Use Benefit) which should be used for this Virtual Machine Scale Set. Possible values are `None`, `Windows_Client` and `Windows_Server`.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_max_bid_price"></a> [max\_bid\_price](#input\_max\_bid\_price)

Description: (Optional) The maximum price you're willing to pay for each Virtual Machine in this Scale Set, in US Dollars; which must be greater than the current spot price. If this bid price falls below the current spot price the Virtual Machines in the Scale Set will be evicted using the eviction\_policy. Defaults to `-1`, which means that each Virtual Machine in the Scale Set should not be evicted for price reasons.

Type: `number`

Default: `-1`

### <a name="input_network_api_version"></a> [network\_api\_version](#input\_network\_api\_version)

Description: (Optional) Specifies the API version for the network interface configurations. Possible values are `2020-11-01` and `2022-11-01`. Defaults to `2020-11-01`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"2020-11-01"`

### <a name="input_network_interface"></a> [network\_interface](#input\_network\_interface)

Description: - `auxiliary_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the auxiliary mode used to enable network high-performance feature on Network Virtual Appliances (NVAs). This feature offers competitive performance in Connections Per Second (CPS) optimization, along with improvements to handling large amounts of simultaneous connections. Possible values are `AcceleratedConnections` and `Floating`.
- `auxiliary_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the SKU used for the network high-performance feature on Network Virtual Appliances (NVAs). Possible values are `A1`, `A2`, `A4` and `A8`.
- `dns_servers` - (Optional) A list of IP Addresses of DNS Servers which should be assigned to the Network Interface.
- `enable_accelerated_networking` - (Optional) Does this Network Interface support Accelerated Networking? Possible values are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `false`.
- `enable_ip_forwarding` - (Optional) Does this Network Interface support IP Forwarding? Possible values are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `false`.
- `name` - (Required) The Name which should be used for this Network Interface. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `network_security_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of a Network Security Group which should be assigned to this Network Interface.
- `primary` - (Optional) Is this the Primary IP Configuration? Possible values are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `false`.

---
`ip_configuration` block supports the following:
- `application_gateway_backend_address_pool_ids` - (Optional) A list of Backend Address Pools IDs from a Application Gateway which this Virtual Machine Scale Set should be connected to.
- `application_security_group_ids` - (Optional) A list of Application Security Group IDs which this Virtual Machine Scale Set should be connected to.
- `load_balancer_backend_address_pool_ids` - (Optional) A list of Backend Address Pools IDs from a Load Balancer which this Virtual Machine Scale Set should be connected to.
- `name` - (Required) The Name which should be used for this IP Configuration.
- `primary` - (Optional) Is this the Primary IP Configuration for this Network Interface? Possible values are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `false`.
- `subnet_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Subnet which this IP Configuration should be connected to.
- `version` - (Optional) The Internet Protocol Version which should be used for this IP Configuration. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. Defaults to `IPv4`.

---
`public_ip_address` block supports the following:
- `domain_name_label` - (Optional) The Prefix which should be used for the Domain Name Label for each Virtual Machine Instance. Azure concatenates the Domain Name Label and Virtual Machine Index to create a unique Domain Name Label for each Virtual Machine. Valid values must be between `1` and `26` characters long, start with a lower case letter, end with a lower case letter or number and contains only `a-z`, `0-9` and `hyphens`.
- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` - (Optional) The Idle Timeout in Minutes for the Public IP Address. Possible values are in the range `4` to `32`.
- `name` - (Required) The Name of the Public IP Address Configuration.
- `public_ip_prefix_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Public IP Address Prefix from where Public IP Addresses should be allocated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `sku_name` - (Optional) Specifies what Public IP Address SKU the Public IP Address should be provisioned as. Possible vaules include `Basic_Regional`, `Basic_Global`, `Standard_Regional` or `Standard_Global`. For more information about Public IP Address SKU's and their capabilities, please see the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/ip-services/public-ip-addresses#sku). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `version` - (Optional) The Internet Protocol Version which should be used for this public IP address. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. Defaults to `IPv4`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---
`ip_tag` block supports the following:
- `tag` - (Required) The IP Tag associated with the Public IP, such as `SQL` or `Storage`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `type` - (Required) The Type of IP Tag, such as `FirstPartyUsage`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    auxiliary_mode                = optional(string)
    auxiliary_sku                 = optional(string)
    dns_servers                   = optional(list(string))
    enable_accelerated_networking = optional(bool, false)
    enable_ip_forwarding          = optional(bool, false)
    name                          = string
    network_security_group_id     = optional(string)
    primary                       = optional(bool, false)
    ip_configuration = list(object({
      application_gateway_backend_address_pool_ids = optional(set(string))
      application_security_group_ids               = optional(set(string))
      load_balancer_backend_address_pool_ids       = optional(set(string))
      name                                         = string
      primary                                      = optional(bool, false)
      subnet_id                                    = optional(string)
      version                                      = optional(string, "IPv4")
      public_ip_address = optional(list(object({
        domain_name_label       = optional(string)
        idle_timeout_in_minutes = optional(number)
        name                    = string
        public_ip_prefix_id     = optional(string)
        sku_name                = optional(string)
        version                 = optional(string, "IPv4")
        ip_tag = optional(list(object({
          tag  = string
          type = string
        })))
      })))
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_disk"></a> [os\_disk](#input\_os\_disk)

Description: - `caching` - (Required) The Type of Caching which should be used for the Internal OS Disk. Possible values are `None`, `ReadOnly` and `ReadWrite`.
- `disk_encryption_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Disk Encryption Set which should be used to encrypt this OS Disk. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `disk_size_gb` - (Optional) The Size of the Internal OS Disk in GB, if you wish to vary from the size used in the image this Virtual Machine Scale Set is sourced from.
- `storage_account_type` - (Required) The Type of Storage Account which should back this the Internal OS Disk. Possible values include `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS`, `Premium_LRS` and `Premium_ZRS`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `write_accelerator_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies if Write Accelerator is enabled on the OS Disk. Defaults to `false`.

`diff_disk_settings` block supports the following:
- `option` - (Required) Specifies the Ephemeral Disk Settings for the OS Disk. At this time the only possible value is `Local`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `placement` - (Optional) Specifies where to store the Ephemeral Disk. Possible values are `CacheDisk` and `ResourceDisk`. Defaults to `CacheDisk`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    caching                   = string
    disk_encryption_set_id    = optional(string)
    disk_size_gb              = optional(number)
    storage_account_type      = string
    write_accelerator_enabled = optional(bool, false)
    diff_disk_settings = optional(object({
      option    = string
      placement = optional(string, "CacheDisk")
    }))
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile"></a> [os\_profile](#input\_os\_profile)

Description: - `custom_data` - (Optional) The Base64-Encoded Custom Data which should be used for this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

---
`linux_configuration` block supports the following:
- `admin_password` - (Optional) The Password which should be used for the local-administrator on this Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `admin_username` - (Required) The username of the local administrator on each Virtual Machine Scale Set instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `computer_name_prefix` - (Optional) The prefix which should be used for the name of the Virtual Machines in this Scale Set. If unspecified this defaults to the value for the name field. If the value of the name field is not a valid `computer_name_prefix`, then you must specify `computer_name_prefix`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `disable_password_authentication` - (Optional) When an `admin_password` is specified `disable_password_authentication` must be set to `false`. Defaults to `true`.
- `patch_assessment_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of VM Guest Patching for the virtual machines that are associated to the Virtual Machine Scale Set. Possible values are `AutomaticByPlatform` or `ImageDefault`. Defaults to `ImageDefault`.
- `patch_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of in-guest patching of this Windows Virtual Machine. Possible values are `ImageDefault` or `AutomaticByPlatform`. Defaults to `ImageDefault`. For more information on patch modes please see the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/automatic-vm-guest-patching#patch-orchestration-modes).
- `provision_vm_agent` - (Optional) Should the Azure VM Agent be provisioned on each Virtual Machine in the Scale Set? Defaults to `true`. Changing this value forces a new resource to be created.

---
`admin_ssh_key` block supports the following:
- `public_key` - (Required) The Public Key which should be used for authentication, which needs to be in `ssh-rsa` format with at least 2048-bit or in `ssh-ed25519` format.
- `username` - (Required) The Username for which this Public SSH Key should be configured.

---
`secret` block supports the following:
- `key_vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the Key Vault from which all Secrets should be sourced.

---
`certificate` block supports the following:
- `url` - (Required) The Secret URL of a Key Vault Certificate.

---
`windows_configuration` block supports the following:
- `admin_password` - (Required) The Password which should be used for the local-administrator on this Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `admin_username` - (Required) The username of the local administrator on each Virtual Machine Scale Set instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `computer_name_prefix` - (Optional) The prefix which should be used for the name of the Virtual Machines in this Scale Set. If unspecified this defaults to the value for the `name` field. If the value of the `name` field is not a valid `computer_name_prefix`, then you must specify `computer_name_prefix`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `enable_automatic_updates` - (Optional) Are automatic updates enabled for this Virtual Machine? Defaults to `true`.
- `hotpatching_enabled` - (Optional) Should the VM be patched without requiring a reboot? Possible values are `true` or `false`. Defaults to `false`. For more information about hot patching please see the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/automanage/automanage-hotpatch).
- `patch_assessment_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of VM Guest Patching for the virtual machines that are associated to the Virtual Machine Scale Set. Possible values are `AutomaticByPlatform` or `ImageDefault`. Defaults to `ImageDefault`.
- `patch_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of in-guest patching of this Windows Virtual Machine. Possible values are `Manual`, `AutomaticByOS` and `AutomaticByPlatform`. Defaults to `AutomaticByOS`. For more information on patch modes please see the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/automatic-vm-guest-patching#patch-orchestration-modes).
- `provision_vm_agent` - (Optional) Should the Azure VM Agent be provisioned on each Virtual Machine in the Scale Set? Defaults to `true`. Changing this value forces a new resource to be created.
- `timezone` - (Optional) Specifies the time zone of the virtual machine, the possible values are defined [here](https://jackstromberg.com/2017/01/list-of-time-zones-consumed-by-azure/).

---
`additional_unattend_content` block supports the following:
- `content` - (Required) The XML formatted content that is added to the unattend.xml file for the specified path and component. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `setting` - (Required) The name of the setting to which the content applies. Possible values are `AutoLogon` and `FirstLogonCommands`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---
`secret` block supports the following:
- `key_vault_id` - (Required) The ID of the Key Vault from which all Secrets should be sourced.

---
`certificate` block supports the following:
- `store` - (Required) The certificate store on the Virtual Machine where the certificate should be added.
- `url` - (Required) The Secret URL of a Key Vault Certificate.

---
`winrm_listener` block supports the following:
- `certificate_url` - (Optional) The Secret URL of a Key Vault Certificate, which must be specified when protocol is set to `Https`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `protocol` - (Required) Specifies the protocol of listener. Possible values are `Http` or `Https`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    linux_configuration = optional(object({
      admin_username                  = string
      computer_name_prefix            = optional(string) # Computed - defaults to VMSS name if not specified
      disable_password_authentication = optional(bool, true)
      patch_assessment_mode           = optional(string, "ImageDefault")
      patch_mode                      = optional(string, "ImageDefault")
      provision_vm_agent              = optional(bool, true)
      admin_ssh_key = optional(set(object({
        public_key = string
        username   = string
      })))
      secret = optional(list(object({
        key_vault_id = string
        certificate = set(object({
          url = string
        }))
      })))
    }))
    windows_configuration = optional(object({
      admin_username           = string # ForceNew field, validation applied
      computer_name_prefix     = optional(string)
      enable_automatic_updates = optional(bool, true)
      hotpatching_enabled      = optional(bool, false)
      patch_assessment_mode    = optional(string)
      patch_mode               = optional(string, "AutomaticByOS")
      provision_vm_agent       = optional(bool, true)
      timezone                 = optional(string)
      additional_unattend_content = optional(list(object({
        setting = string
      })))
      secret = optional(list(object({
        key_vault_id = string
        certificate = set(object({
          store = string
          url   = string
        }))
      })))
      winrm_listener = optional(set(object({
        certificate_url = optional(string)
        protocol        = string
      })))
    }))
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_custom_data"></a> [os\_profile\_custom\_data](#input\_os\_profile\_custom\_data)

Description: (Optional) Specifies a base-64 encoded string of custom data. The base-64 encoded string is decoded to a binary array that is saved as a file on the Virtual Machine. The maximum length of the binary array is 65535 bytes.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_custom_data_version"></a> [os\_profile\_custom\_data\_version](#input\_os\_profile\_custom\_data\_version)

Description: (Optional) Version tracker for custom\_data. Must be set when custom\_data is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_linux_configuration_admin_password"></a> [os\_profile\_linux\_configuration\_admin\_password](#input\_os\_profile\_linux\_configuration\_admin\_password)

Description: (Optional) The admin password to be used on the Virtual Machine Scale Set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_linux_configuration_admin_password_version"></a> [os\_profile\_linux\_configuration\_admin\_password\_version](#input\_os\_profile\_linux\_configuration\_admin\_password\_version)

Description: (Optional) Version tracker for admin\_password. Must be set when admin\_password is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_windows_configuration_additional_unattend_content_content"></a> [os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_additional\_unattend\_content\_content](#input\_os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_additional\_unattend\_content\_content)

Description: (Required for each item) The XML formatted content that is added to the unattend.xml file for the specified path and component. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    index   = number
    content = string
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_windows_configuration_additional_unattend_content_content_version"></a> [os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_additional\_unattend\_content\_content\_version](#input\_os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_additional\_unattend\_content\_content\_version)

Description: (Optional) Version tracker for additional\_unattend\_content content. Must be set when additional\_unattend\_content is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_windows_configuration_admin_password"></a> [os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_admin\_password](#input\_os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_admin\_password)

Description: (Required) The Password which should be used for the local-administrator on this Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_os_profile_windows_configuration_admin_password_version"></a> [os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_admin\_password\_version](#input\_os\_profile\_windows\_configuration\_admin\_password\_version)

Description: (Optional) Version tracker for admin\_password. Must be set when admin\_password is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_plan"></a> [plan](#input\_plan)

Description: - `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the image from the marketplace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `product` - (Required) Specifies the product of the image from the marketplace. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the publisher of the image. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    name      = string
    product   = string
    publisher = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_priority"></a> [priority](#input\_priority)

Description: (Optional) The Priority of this Virtual Machine Scale Set. Possible values are `Regular` and `Spot`. Defaults to `Regular`. Changing this value forces a new resource.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Regular"`

### <a name="input_priority_mix"></a> [priority\_mix](#input\_priority\_mix)

Description: - `base_regular_count` - (Optional) Specifies the base number of VMs of `Regular` priority that will be created before any VMs of priority `Spot` are created. Possible values are integers between `0` and `1000`. Defaults to `0`.
- `regular_percentage_above_base` - (Optional) Specifies the desired percentage of VM instances that are of `Regular` priority after the base count has been reached. Possible values are integers between `0` and `100`. Defaults to `0`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    base_regular_count            = optional(number, 0)
    regular_percentage_above_base = optional(number, 0)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_proximity_placement_group_id"></a> [proximity\_placement\_group\_id](#input\_proximity\_placement\_group\_id)

Description: (Optional) The ID of the Proximity Placement Group which the Virtual Machine should be assigned to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_rolling_upgrade_policy"></a> [rolling\_upgrade\_policy](#input\_rolling\_upgrade\_policy)

Description: - `cross_zone_upgrades_enabled` - (Optional) Should the Virtual Machine Scale Set ignore the Azure Zone boundaries when constructing upgrade batches? Possible values are `true` or `false`.
- `max_batch_instance_percent` - (Required) The maximum percent of total virtual machine instances that will be upgraded simultaneously by the rolling upgrade in one batch. As this is a maximum, unhealthy instances in previous or future batches can cause the percentage of instances in a batch to decrease to ensure higher reliability.
- `max_unhealthy_instance_percent` - (Required) The maximum percentage of the total virtual machine instances in the scale set that can be simultaneously unhealthy, either as a result of being upgraded, or by being found in an unhealthy state by the virtual machine health checks before the rolling upgrade aborts. This constraint will be checked prior to starting any batch.
- `max_unhealthy_upgraded_instance_percent` - (Required) The maximum percentage of upgraded virtual machine instances that can be found to be in an unhealthy state. This check will happen after each batch is upgraded. If this percentage is ever exceeded, the rolling update aborts.
- `maximum_surge_instances_enabled` - (Optional) Create new virtual machines to upgrade the scale set, rather than updating the existing virtual machines. Existing virtual machines will be deleted once the new virtual machines are created for each batch. Possible values are `true` or `false`.
- `pause_time_between_batches` - (Required) The wait time between completing the update for all virtual machines in one batch and starting the next batch. The time duration should be specified in ISO 8601 duration format.
- `prioritize_unhealthy_instances_enabled` - (Optional) Upgrade all unhealthy instances in a scale set before any healthy instances. Possible values are `true` or `false`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    cross_zone_upgrades_enabled             = optional(bool)
    max_batch_instance_percent              = number
    max_unhealthy_instance_percent          = number
    max_unhealthy_upgraded_instance_percent = number
    maximum_surge_instances_enabled         = optional(bool, false)
    pause_time_between_batches              = string
    prioritize_unhealthy_instances_enabled  = optional(bool)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_single_placement_group"></a> [single\_placement\_group](#input\_single\_placement\_group)

Description: (Optional) Should this Virtual Machine Scale Set be limited to a Single Placement Group, which means the number of instances will be capped at 100 Virtual Machines. Possible values are `true` or `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name)

Description: (Optional) The `name` of the SKU to be used by this Virtual Machine Scale Set. Valid values include: any of the [General purpose](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-general), [Compute optimized](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-compute), [Memory optimized](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-memory), [Storage optimized](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-storage), [GPU optimized](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-gpu), [FPGA optimized](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-field-programmable-gate-arrays), [High performance](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-hpc), or [Previous generation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-previous-gen) virtual machine SKUs.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_sku_profile"></a> [sku\_profile](#input\_sku\_profile)

Description: - `allocation_strategy` - (Required) Specifies the allocation strategy for the virtual machine scale set based on which the VMs will be allocated. Possible values are `CapacityOptimized`, `LowestPrice` and `Prioritized`.
- `vm_sizes` - (Required) Specifies the VM sizes for the virtual machine scale set.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    allocation_strategy = string
    vm_sizes            = set(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_source_image_id"></a> [source\_image\_id](#input\_source\_image\_id)

Description: (Optional) The ID of an Image which each Virtual Machine in this Scale Set should be based on. Possible Image ID types include `Image ID`s, `Shared Image ID`s, `Shared Image Version ID`s, `Community Gallery Image ID`s, `Community Gallery Image Version ID`s, `Shared Gallery Image ID`s and `Shared Gallery Image Version ID`s.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_source_image_reference"></a> [source\_image\_reference](#input\_source\_image\_reference)

Description: - `offer` - (Required) Specifies the offer of the image used to create the virtual machines. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the publisher of the image used to create the virtual machines. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `sku` - (Required) Specifies the SKU of the image used to create the virtual machines.
- `version` - (Required) Specifies the version of the image used to create the virtual machines.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    offer     = string
    publisher = string
    sku       = string
    version   = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_termination_notification"></a> [termination\_notification](#input\_termination\_notification)

Description: - `enabled` - (Required) Should the termination notification be enabled on this Virtual Machine Scale Set? Possible values `true` or `false`.
- `timeout` - (Optional) Length of time (in minutes, between `5` and `15`) a notification to be sent to the VM on the instance metadata server till the VM gets deleted. The time duration should be specified in `ISO 8601` format. Defaults to `PT5M`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    enabled = bool
    timeout = optional(string, "PT5M")
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: - `create` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for create operations. Defaults to 60 minutes.
- `delete` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for delete operations. Defaults to 60 minutes.
- `read` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for read operations. Defaults to 5 minutes.
- `update` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for update operations. Defaults to 60 minutes.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "60m")
    delete = optional(string, "60m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "60m")
  })
```

Default:

```json
{
  "create": "60m",
  "delete": "60m",
  "read": "5m",
  "update": "60m"
}
```

### <a name="input_upgrade_mode"></a> [upgrade\_mode](#input\_upgrade\_mode)

Description: (Optional) Specifies how upgrades (e.g. changing the Image/SKU) should be performed to Virtual Machine Instances. Possible values are `Automatic`, `Manual` and `Rolling`. Defaults to `Manual`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Manual"`

### <a name="input_user_data_base64_version"></a> [user\_data\_base64\_version](#input\_user\_data\_base64\_version)

Description: (Optional) Version tracker for user\_data\_base64. Must be set when user\_data\_base64 is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zone_balance"></a> [zone\_balance](#input\_zone\_balance)

Description: (Optional) Should the Virtual Machines in this Scale Set be strictly evenly distributed across Availability Zones? Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `bool`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones)

Description: (Optional) Specifies a list of Availability Zones across which the Virtual Machine Scale Set will create instances.

Type: `set(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_azapi_header"></a> [azapi\_header](#output\_azapi\_header)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_body"></a> [body](#output\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_locks"></a> [locks](#output\_locks)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_post_creation_updates"></a> [post\_creation\_updates](#output\_post\_creation\_updates)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_replace_triggers_external_values"></a> [replace\_triggers\_external\_values](#output\_replace\_triggers\_external\_values)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_retry"></a> [retry](#output\_retry)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body"></a> [sensitive\_body](#output\_sensitive\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body_version"></a> [sensitive\_body\_version](#output\_sensitive\_body\_version)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#output\_timeouts)

Description: n/a

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->